Starter_Code 2/loan_qualifier_app/README.md, before:

# Loan Qualifier Application

This project aims to allow the user to enter their own information such as: credit score, monthly debt, monthly income, desired loan amount, and home value. The program then lets the user know if they have loans that they qualify available to them and gives them the ability to save said loans to a CSV file. 
---

## Technologies

This project leverages python 3.7 with the following packages:

* [fire](https://github.com/google/python-fire) - For the command line interface, help page, and entrypoint.

* [questionary](https://github.com/tmbo/questionary) - For interactive user prompts and dialogs
---

## Installation Guide

Before running the application first install the following dependencies.

```python
  pip install fire
  pip install questionary
```
---

## Usage


To use the loan qualifier application simply clone the repository and run the **app.py** with:

```python
python app.py
```

Upon launching the loan qualifier application you will be greeted with the following prompts.




---

## Contributors

Nahin Hayat - https://www.linkedin.com/in/nahinhayat/

---

## License

MIT

Commit message:

added terminal history txt file and updated reaadme file again

Starter_Code 2/loan_qualifier_app/README.md, after:

# Loan Qualifier Application

This project aims to allow the user to enter their own information such as: credit score, monthly debt, monthly income, desired loan amount, and home value. The program then lets the user know if they have loans that they qualify available to them and gives them the ability to save said loans to a CSV file. 
---

## Technologies

This project leverages python 3.7 with the following packages:

* [fire](https://github.com/google/python-fire) - For the command line interface, help page, and entrypoint.

* [questionary](https://github.com/tmbo/questionary) - For interactive user prompts and dialogs
---

## Installation Guide

Before running the application first install the following dependencies.

```python
  pip install fire
  pip install questionary
```
---

## Usage


To use the loan qualifier application simply clone the repository and run the **app.py** with:

```python
python app.py
```

Upon launching the loan qualifier application you will be greeted with the following prompts. If each is answered and criteria is met like below, the user will be able to save the qualifying loans to a csv file. The following is a link to an example: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V0oyu3ktgOYqZb7a01AZ-ybw60kFfc-D/view?usp=sharing




---

## Contributors

Nahin Hayat - https://www.linkedin.com/in/nahinhayat/

---

## License

MIT
